# SNHU-CS320-SOFTWARE-TESTING-AUTOMATION

Throughout developing this project and going forward, I've been able to and can continue to ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure through careful, thoughtful design and recurrent analysis and testing. Thoughtful design starts with clear declaration of classes, functions, and parameters. Being able to implement each of these in their most primitive forms prior to expansion seems to be a very good start. Good documentation and a good battle plan seem to be a solid foundation for development to start, along with a clear understanding of the goals that need to be met. As I program, I need to keep functional goals in mind, as well as industry standards, and use comments to describe my purpose and the functionality of my program where it's not going to be obvious months or years out from another person's perspective, almost everywhere. Recurrent analysis and testing refers to reviewing my work as I go as well as setting up effective automated tests, such as JUnit tests in a Java project, to the point where every commitment could be tested automatically against static dummy tests to ensure all functionality is met and not broken by my updates and changes to the codebase. I can interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program by writing out a functionality checklist, getting clarification from the customer as needed, and reviewing the checklist from a developer's perspective. The customer requested the Contact class, with parameter fields ContactID of not exceeding ten alphanumeric characters, a first name and last name field neither exceeding 10 characters, a phone String of 10 digits, and an address not exceeding 30 characters. None of the fields may be null, and the ContactID must be unique. This is a good checklist of required functionality. I incorporate this into my program by creating the fields to meet the metrics I've been able to clearly define at their most basic functionality before expansion. My approach to software design is to clearly define requirements, build a version of the software that meets the defined minimum functionality, then clarify further design elements and expand upon them. Throughout building the foundational version of the software, I plan to incorporate tests and test every function for meeting its required functionality using static testing software. It's a huge developmental boon that will help me avoid bugs or pushing broken software. 
